Sam: What’s wrong with you these days John? You have always kept your nose clean!
Kathy: It’s all a hoax . I must admit that I’ve swallowed the bait .
Sam: How come !
Kathy: Unfortunately; I barked up the wrong tree when I counted on Jessie. It turned out that she had also been planning to get rid of me.
Sam: Oh; I don’t believe it. That’s pathetic .
Sam: Our agent’s  let us down and spilled the beans  . Our secret  recipe  is the talk of the town right now.
Kathy: Well,  no wonder  .  Excuse me Anne;  but  you’re having  a  taste  of your own medicine . You’ve already played a trick on your boss  to get  the job.
Sam: Let’s skip it and let bygones be bygones .
Kathy: Then, treat me to a coffee.
Sam: It’s such a shame we are so broke . Everyone is splurging out  there;  I feel like two cents.
Kathy: Tomorrow is our pay day and we’re going to be loaded . Aren’t we?
Sam: What we earn is just a drop in the ocean compared to Steven.
Kathy: That  guy  is born with  a  golden  spoon  in  his mouth  .  It’s  time  you came down to earth and learned how to live within your means.
Sam: The New Year is just around the corner . It’s time to shop around for bargains.
Kathy: Yeah, you’re right. Everything is sky-high nowadays and I’m fed up with cutting corners just to make ends meet .
Sam: Why don’t you cut down on smoking then?
Kathy: You may say I’m making excuses . But it does give me some solace .
Sam: Get out of here !
Sam: Why are you down in the dumps ?
Kathy: Carl  has  foiled  all  our plans  .  I was  going  to  take a  few days off work but he turned down my request on the pretext of a due deadline and that they cannot do without me for the time being .
Sam: You’re kidding ! If your husband heard that, he would hit the ceiling .
Kathy: He  must  step  in  and  put  a  stop  to  Carl’s  arrogance.  He’s  the company’s owner after all and he should crack the whip .
Sam: Did you enjoy the show?
Kathy: No, it was rubbish . Wasn’t it?
Sam: I  just couldn’t put up with  those silly pranks  ;  they  just weren’t my cup of tea , but I had to stick it out because I was with two of my friends.
Kathy: Well, make sure you see the trailers next time.
Sam: Can you do me a favor and cancel tonight’s tickets. The whole thing is a kind of pouring money down the drain .
Kathy: With pleasure .
Sam: I can’t believe how Clare goes around with Alice.
Kathy: Why is that? What’s wrong with Alice?
Sam: She’s a whistleblower and she rats on others in her department.
Kathy: Then, we have to warn Clare as soon as possible lest she slips up .
Sam: Yeah, the sooner the better .
Kathy: Actually! I’m afraid Clare is the villain of the piece but not the other way round. Obviously; she is covering up by spreading rumors about Alice.
Sam: You don’t say !
Sam: I’m racking my brains to find a way to get the work done before noon.
Kathy: I will give you a hand . I didn’t know you were hard up .
Sam: Honestly; I’ve had enough of this job and I’m doing my best to get a better one so that I can stand on my feet .
Kathy: You mean you are going to change you line of work !
Sam: No,  not  at  all.  All  I  need  is  a  bit more  leeway  .  I  just  feel  that  I’m boxed-in inside this office. I need some space and a change of air .
Kathy: Go for it !
Sam: Sally is dropping out of school. She’s getting married in two weeks.
Kathy: She’s a nitwit if she thinks that marriage is a picnic . That’s no joke .
Sam: But, her husband is a business tycoon . He’s going to back her up  for good .
Kathy: Well, I have to change my mind . It makes sense to take shortcuts to success in this tough and rough world.
Sam: I  remember when she said  that she would make her dreams come  true one way or another.
Kathy: I must admit that determination pays off !
Sam: Enough already! I heard you the first time!
Kathy: Fair enough!  If  I were  in your  shoes  ,  I would  also  be out  of my mind.
Sam: How on earth do you give away such secrets about our business?
Kathy: Believe it or not . Someone else, other than me and you, has already  informed them about our plans.
Sam: Already ? (3) Who on earth could be that third party ?
Kathy: They must be bug ging us or else how will they figure out that we are giving away  free samples?
Sam: What have you got in that box?
Kathy: Some odds and  ends  . They  can  serve a purpose when  I  go out  of town .
Sam: I  admire  those  handy  and  practical  people.  They  are  really dependable .
Kathy: Aren’t you buttering me up?
Sam: Far  from  it.  You  just  remind  me  of  my  uncle.  He  was  literally  a Jack-of-all-trades . He used to spend the lion’s share of his time fixing stuff.
Kathy: Why don’t you  introduce me  to him? At  least we have something  in common.
Sam: Don’t hold your breath . He passed away years ago.
Sam: I'm sure my university days seem happier in retrospect than they really were. Doesn’t that sound weird?
Kathy: Well, go easy on yourself. University is a thing of the past!
Sam: Go easy on the popcorn then; we are running short of it already.
Kathy: I always teach you to see the beauty of life, but all you teach me is to hold a grudge.
Sam: Don’t you see  that you’re pushing  it  !  I’ll  throw you out unless you watch your words.
Kathy: Why does it always end up like that?
Sam: Why don’t you mind your own business and quit keeping up with the Joneses ? You’re just wasting your time.
Kathy: Because of my wife. She keeps moaning and squawking about money.
Sam: Some people are bound to learn it the hard way. I can’t stand hearing such nonsense.
Kathy: I’ve tried hard to point out the fact  that we different but to no avail  . She is a jealous woman. Isn’t she your sister? Why don’t you talk her round ?
Sam: What? Sure, it’s getting overcast . Isn’t it? I had better get home before it gets dark.
Sam: You're clueless about how to deal with your new assignment. Aren’t you?
Kathy: Yeah. I’m completely helpless.
Sam: Never mind  ,  I’ll work overtime and show you the ropes  .  I know this type of things inside out . Or probably I can take over tomorrow.
Kathy: Please do and get me off the hook!
Sam: Well; I have got a full plate today  .  I’ll give you a hand  tomorrow. Okay?
Kathy: Thanks Diana. You’ve truly saved the day !
Sam: Don’t be such a gullible person. Did you truly believe that Jessie got the tender for the hospital project?
Kathy: You mean she was pulling my leg !
Sam: Without  doubt.  I  don’t  deny  that  she  is  an  ambitious  girl  and  bold enough to go to extremes but this deal is definitely beyond her means .
Kathy: Then, she making fun of me!
Sam: Not  exactly. She  is  trying  to get you worked up  so  that you give  up trying.
Kathy: She is such a dirty rat !
Sam: I've been meaning to paint  the shed all summer, but I keep  letting  it ride .
Kathy: Why is  the delay? Unless you take action  soon,  it’s going  to run down and collapse in a few days.
Sam: I’m just  in no mood to  lift a  finger  .  I  just  feel  lonely and  this  is a hard pill to swallow.
Kathy: Oh, poor Jessie. Your recent break-up must have ruined you.
Sam: On top of that I’m getting more and more absent-minded . Yesterday I had a near miss . I was almost hit by a truck.
Kathy: That’s awful.
Sam: Can’t  you wipe  those  crumbs  from your mouth? You’re  turning my stomach!
Kathy: Oops, sorry!
Sam: You  know  what?  The  children  are  up  to  something  .  They  keep sneaking into and out the kitchen every now and then . I’m starting to smell a rat.
Kathy: Alright, I’ll go and take a look.
Sam: OMG . Where is my wallet? Tom; leave the kids alone and come back.
Kathy: What’s wrong with you.
Sam: My wallet disappeared. It was beside the television. I’ve searched for it everywhere but it seems to have vanished into thin air !
Sam: Hey Alice! You look pleased with yourself today. What’s up?
Kathy: I’m gonna meet  the mayor.  It’s such a big deal for me because I will ask him to grant me an exception.
Sam: Big deal !  Seriously!
Kathy: You  know  I  need  to  get  a  license  for  the  new  shop.  I  bet  he won’t disappoint me and we’ll find some loophole for this issue.
Sam: Don’t be very overoptimistic. I heard he’s such a big-headed guy.
Kathy: Leave  it  to me  .  I’ve  already greased his palm  . Oh,  by  the way,  I heard your team won last night – congrats!
Sam: No big deal  ! we were against a pretty weak team. But  thanks all  the same !
Sam: Good opportunities always come my brother's way , whether he works hard for them or not. Sounds like things are looking up for him all the time.
Kathy: No wonder. He thinks out of the box and he doesn’t mind taking on more responsibility. In short, Steven is cut out to be a leader.
Sam: You’ve got a point there! Thinking out of the box pays dividends!
Kathy: For  the  record  ,  I’ve made up my mind  to get married  and  settle down.
Sam: Really? What wonderful news! Obviously, I’m the only loser here.
Kathy: Cheer up , man. Things are bound to look up sooner or later.
Sam: This day is a big day for me. I’ve been assigned to give a speech on behalf of our company in front of the minister.
Kathy: I bet you’re ill at ease already.
Sam: No, not at all. I’ve been used to giving talks since university days. It’s a breeze for me. I’ve never messed things up when  it comes  to speaking  in public.
Kathy: Lucky you. I would have think twice before I could take on such a tough task.
Sam: I truly bank on this great opportunity to get a promotion.
Kathy: Then, it’s worth giving it your best shot!
Sam: Thanks, Bill. I’ll make up for the missing work on Friday. I’m tied up right today.
Kathy: Did you and John make up ? You guys ’ve gone too far this time!
Sam: Yeah. We met and hanged out for hours last night.
Kathy: Good. You two make up (3) half our team! We need you to be friends.
Sam: Wow! This book is made up of twelve separate stories. Can I borrow it?
Kathy: Yeah. I made up (4) half of them myself. I’ve got a knack for writing stories.
Sam: I can’t wait to see the new boss. I’m sure I’m gonna make a hit with him. I’ve great ideas that are bound to knock him out .
Kathy: Let’s keep our fingers crossed , anyway.
Sam: Do you think I’m jumping the gun ?
Kathy: Not  exactly,  but  it makes  sense  to  sit  tight  till  things come  to  light  . Otherwise, you may end up losing face .
Sam: Oh!  How  did  this  slip  my  mind?  Others  may  think  that  I’m  a bootlicker .
Kathy: Yeah,  because  you’re  a well-intentioned  guy,  others  will  think  that you’re buttering him up.
Sam: Right! At least we got rid of Clare; she used to  give me the creeps .
Sam: I have recently called on my aunt. She lives in a cabin which was built above the lake, and it has got a view to die for .
Kathy: Speaking of views, I’m dying for a holiday. I  just need to clear my head .
Sam: What’s wrong with you?
Kathy: Our next-door neighbors are very loud. And their dog is barking day and night . I’m truly craving quietness and tranquility.
Sam: Then let’s jump at the chance  . My aunt is travelling abroad. What do you say we spend a few days out there?
Kathy: That’s a big favor. Sarah; you’re second to none.
Sam: Michael  is a brain  .  I’m  sure  he’s  gonna  get  the  job.  I  read  all  the applications; and he’s unquestionably the cream of the crop .
Kathy: But there’s something fishy about him. I just can’t put my finger on it.
Sam: Come on! Aren’t you judging a book by its cover ?
Kathy: I just can’t put up with people who are full of themselves .
Sam: We can’t  turn him down anyway. You know he’s Mary’s cousin and she’ll pull some stings to get him hired.
Kathy: As long as our hands are tied , let’s not waste our breath .
Sam: Obviously; You  can  hardly  ever  find  a  person who  has made  their own way these days. It’s all favoritism and patronage.
Sam: Now, I would like to discuss your behavior in the party yesterday.
Kathy: (to himself) Here we go again !
Sam: You’ve made a laughingstock of me. You just kept putting me down .
Kathy: Oh, dear!  I  didn’t mean  to hurt your feelings  .  I’m  really  sorry  and ready to pay for it .
Sam: Look; I’m gonna ridicule you next weekend and then we get even.
Kathy: Well done! You’re good at taking your revenge .
Sam: Fair is fair.
Sam: Here  we  go  again  —  another  train  cancelled.  This  is  getting ridiculous!
Kathy: Why  don’t  we make  a  complaint  to  the  city  council? Typically  ,  it takes the bus ages to get to the stop let alone the cancellations. Not only this, but the buses are all out of date .
Sam: I did, but they turned a blind eye to it every time. And to crown it all , I was warned not to falsify the facts once more.
Kathy: That’s ridiculous. We had better see the mayor.
Sam: The who? He’s such a grumpy man. Forget about it.
Sam: I’ve  been  cooking  for  three  days  in  a  row  .  Are  you  taking advantage of my kindheartedness and goodwill? Enough is enough.
Kathy: But  the  food  you make  is  out  of  this world  .  You  should  go  into business selling it. Believe me, you are gonna make a bundle unless someone beats you to the punch .
Sam: Enough already. I’m in no mood for joking.
Kathy: Darling; You’ve got a heart of gold indeed.
Sam: Come on! What else do you want?
Kathy: Please do the dishes after you clear the table.
Sam: You’re such a high-maintenance woman! But I love you.
Sam: Sarah said nothing was stolen! that's a ridiculous a cover-up .
Kathy: Probably her husband has a finger in the pie !
Sam: But  as  far  as  I know he’s a  straightforward  fellow who  is keen  to keep his nose clean.
Kathy: Excuse me; Charles but you don’t seem to see farther than the end your nose . I wasn’t born yesterday to believe such a hoax.
Sam: What do you mean?
Kathy: Everything is as plain as day . They’re playing the victim to divert attention from their bankruptcy.
Sam: That’s nothing but smoke and mirrors .
Sam: This  is  the  second  time  I’ve  failed her driver's  test,  and  I'll  do  the next time unless I practice parallel parking.
Kathy: Oh  come  on!  That’s  not  the  end  of  the  world  .  You  are  one  of millions in the same boat . You don’t really have to despair.
Sam: Jenny’s passed it from the first time. She deserves a pat on the back .
Kathy: Jenny is going a long way because she’s a go-getter .
Sam: Anyway; I have to get out of some of my commitments to do some practice. I’m always beat . You know.
Kathy: Well; I’m afraid the driver’s test committee are taking you for a ride . I heard they make more money when people fail.
Sam: Oh, Not again. My holiday plans fell apart. My wife is gonna go nuts . She always accuses me of not keeping my word .
Kathy: Do you often go back on your word ?
Sam: When the vase fell apart  last month, I promised to buy a new one. But I’m still broke!
Kathy: Don't let on to her yet. Maybe everything will turn out okay.
Sam: The point is my wife is counting a lot on this holiday. She has already informed all friends about it. I can’t just overlook that.
Kathy: Man! marriage is no a bed of roses !
Sam: Looking  back  on  my  bachelorhood  days,  I  can  obviously  say  that marriage is heaven in comparison. Al least I got rid of the dog’s life .
Sam: Albert is a top-notch manager who never backed out of any agreement.
Kathy: Well; I beg to differ . You'd better wash your hands of this affair before you end up in jail.
Sam: What?  Jail!  Do  you  think  I’m  sticking  my  neck  out  by  this partnership?
Kathy: Don’t you see that you’re asking for trouble by selling smuggled cars? Are you out of your mind?
Sam: I  have  to.  Sales  have  fallen  off  and  all  I  can  do  is  sitting  around twiddling my thumbs . Business stinks .
Kathy: You’re right. Money doesn’t grow on trees .
Sam: England  had  been  knocked  out of  the  World  Cup  by  West Germany.
Kathy: Really!  This  news  will  knock  James  out  .  He  is  a  big  fan  of Germany.
Sam: I also heard  that  the storm knocked out  (3) power supplies  in many parts of the city. Two people passed away and 1o were knocked out (4) .
Kathy: Don’t knock yourself out reporting such news. I’m in no mood to hear them right now. Don’t you see that you’re getting a news junkie !
Sam: It’s all because of the dead-end conditions we are going through .
Kathy: Don’t be so morbid and gloomy for Heaven’s sake! Things aren’t that bad.
Sam: Why is all your face black and blue like this? Have you had a fight?
Kathy: Actually;  I  was  breaking  up  a  fight  !  My  cousin  has  recently  got married but  he  and his wife  are  having  arguments  all  the  time. Sounds  like they are going to break up soon.
Sam: They should handle their arguments with kindness and love. Otherwise, their life is bound to turn upside down .
Kathy: The point  is my cousin  is a  flirt  . He keeps  teasing girls. This  is  the heart of the matter.
Sam: Then; she has to teach him a lesson . A flirt! Huh!
Kathy: You women are all cut from the same cloth .
Sam: Oh! This rat race is getting me down . I can’t help biting more than I can chew.
Kathy: Poor Lucy! You seem to be truly running around in circles .
Sam: Yeah; right! John keeps telling me to simmer down and take it easy , but I don’t want to be kicked out . Yet, I’m just going nowhere and I feel that I’m selling myself short.
Kathy: Well; I have to say that you should come clean about your issues with your seniors and then you’ll have a clear conscience .
Sam: I’ll give it a try.
Sam: I hear you’re moving to Sydney.
Kathy: Yeah! I’ve got a job offer there. And the pay is well worth it .
Sam: Can you give me a ballpark figure of the salaries there? I heard they pay big bucks .
Kathy: Well; don’t get carried away . It’s 3000 bucks give or take .
Sam: Don’t forget to drop me a line when you get there.
Kathy: I’ll keep you posted .
Sam: Well; I look forward to hearing from you soon. Good luck!
Sam: Let’s back up ! Where was I?
Kathy: You’re talking about your poems and that you don’t have your notes on you . You’re going to think of it right off-hand . Aren’t you?
Sam: You know what! Sounds like I need to brush up on some of them.
Kathy: What? Is it possible that all of them just slipped your mind all at once ?
Sam: Come on; Rob! Don’t be silly. I just I can't think of the lines off the top of my head . Give me a break for heaven’s sake!
Kathy: Man! You always end up in such awkward positions ! That’s what you get out of blowing your own horn !
Sam: Once  we  cleared  the  air  ,  we  found  that  it  had  just  been  a  simple misunderstanding.  Stacy  always  makes  a  mountain  out  of  a  molehill .
Kathy: See! It does go a long way to open up and come clean.
Sam: You’re  right. Getting  into  disagreements  has wiped me out  .  It’s no simple matter . I feel like I’m on the edge .
Kathy: You should avoid trouble and mind your own business.
Sam: Man! fair enough; I’m doomed to learn it the hard way!
Sam: I tried to get a hold of Bill last night, but I wasn’t able to get through . He’s getting more and more indifferent these days.
Kathy: Well; don’t get him wrong . Probably his phone is out of order . Why didn’t you leave him a message ?
Sam: He was locked out of his apartment  last week because he had left  the keys inside!
Kathy: Oh! That’s weird. There must be something out of the ordinary in his life.
Sam: Nothing unusual. He’s simply head over heels in love .
Kathy: Already! let me know when is the big day !
Sam: This smell stinks ! Oops! I’ve forgot to put the food in the fridge. It’s rotten .
Kathy: Good for you ! Just fix anything. I’ve lost my appetite , anyway.
Sam: Oh dear; I’ll make it up for you. I promise.
Kathy: Alright, let’s eat out on second thought .
Sam: But  I’m  on  a  diet  .  I’m  trying  to  lose weight  and  I  can  be  easily tempted. You know I’m not that strong-willed !
Kathy: Enough already ! My head is spinning. I just need to grab a bite .
Sam: Here  is  some  spending/pocket money  from  your  mother  for  your trip.
Kathy: Thanks! Our company  is  footing the bill  for  everything anyway.  I was also elected to speak on behalf of our department.
Sam: Big Deal ! Sounds like you’re on the winning streak these days.
Kathy: A pay raise is also on the horizon . How about your transfer?
Sam: It’s up in the air . To my bad luck the sales are going to the dogs.
Kathy: Well;  I heard from my sources  that your boss  is gonna  leaving. So rest assured that a breakthrough is coming up.
Sam: Jessie; for your information ; you’re fiddling while Rome burns  . You were put in charge of the whole event.
Kathy: weren’t  I? How come? Why didn’t  they  inform me earlier. There’re only  three  days  left.  We’re  so  pressed  for  time  .  Sounds  like  I’m  always destined to race against time to get things done.
Sam: Stop moaning and let’s get our priorities right—first things first .
Kathy: Then; you have to put forth a plan for the rules of procedure. In the meantime ; I will set up a teamwork.
Sam: Dad's illness turned out to be a blessing in disguise ; it brought the family together for the first time in years.
Kathy: They say every cloud has a silver lining .
Sam: He  also  found  out  his  painting  talent.  And  contrary  to  all expectations , he announced that he wouldn’t go back to work anymore !
Kathy: In  spite  of  his  illness,  he’s  unshaken  and  still  making  decisions!  I thought his life will turn upside down .
Sam: At least he’s been able to get over it.
Sam: Hey Michael; get over here ! How was today’s test?
Kathy: As usual; I blew it! I told you French is just over my head .
Sam: If you didn’t cut class frequently, you’d do better. Above all, you’re always messing around and slacking off . No wonder!
Kathy: In short; I can’t stand the teacher. She takes side and favors Linda over others. That’s not fair.
Sam: That’s beside the point  ! Why don’t you study hard and  turn the tables on them ? Then, we’ll see if she’s unfair.
Kathy: Oh! My stomach hurts; I’m gonna throw up .
Sam: Michael unless you stop overstepping your bounds and messing with me, I’m gonna wipe you out! Enough is enough!
Kathy: Oh boy! I’m shaking in my little boots !
Sam: I heard you’re going out with Kathy.
Kathy: Yeah!  I’m  trying  to prove  to you  that  she’s  a worthless girl. How many times should I warn you that she’s feeding you lies ?
Sam: Come on! I feel down  ! You’ve ruined all my dreams.  I  just can't get her off my mind .
Kathy: You’re really too emotional. You’ve got to come to your senses !
Sam: I’ve had it up to here with Clare. She’s getting under my skin  in the true sense of the word.
Kathy: Did she put you on the spot again?
Sam: Much worse! She’s bossing me around as if she was the head of the department not me! Does this stand to reason ?
Kathy: Well; time to crack down , I suppose.
Sam: If I did, I’d be shooting myself on the foot .
Kathy: Then, all you can do is to smooth things over so that you can adjust to the status quo.
Sam: Get a load of that little girl. She’s a true troublemaker.
Kathy: Is  she?  But  she  doesn’t  look  so.  As  they  say  appearances  are deceiving !
Sam: She’s not that bad. But she’s spoiled because my uncle gets a kick out of her. She keeps him in stitches .
Kathy: But he  shouldn’t give  in  to  all  her  acts.  She’ll  eventually go  out  of control .
Sam: That’s right! You hit the nail on the head . I said that over and over again but my words fall on deaf ears !
Sam: It’s a shame we lost touch with most of our university friends.
Kathy: Why don’t we track them down ? Haven’t you kept in touch with or come across any of them?
Sam: A few! Some have settled down, some are tied down , some are living it up and  others  are  in  a  rut  .  Recently,  I  touched  base  with  Steve;  but  he’s always on the go .
Kathy: I  hope one day we  can get  together  and hark back  to  the good  old days .
Sam: Yeah; I truly yearn for them.
Sam: When  it  comes  to  friendship,  you’re  more  than  lucky.  I  like  your friend Kathy. She’s really terrific and down-to-earth .
Kathy: You’re right. We really hit it off . I wish all other friends were like her.
Sam: You mean those fair-weather ones!
Kathy: By the way, do you still see Samantha? The other day I came across her and she gave me a cold shoulder !
Sam: On and off . Obviously, I steer clear of her now because she looks down her nose at me after she got married that guy and became well-off .
Sam: I truly pity Mike! This guy is completely dominated by his wife. She simply leads him around by the nose !
Kathy: You’re  such a pushover  ! Who  filled you  in on  that? Things are not always what they seem.
Sam: What do you mean?
Kathy: Mike does have a mind of his own but she  is putting the screws on him after she caught him cheating on her.
Sam: Yeah! They used to be at odds with each other most of the time and could never see eye to eye !
Kathy: I know Mike well. He’ll stand up for himself one way or another.
Sam: You  know what!  I  don’t  like  gossiping  but  there  are  some  rumors circulating around that Jessie and Sam’s marriage is on the rocks .
Kathy: There’s  nothing  of  the  sort!  It  could  be  a  false  alarm  .  You  know; people are very brilliant at blowing stuff up .
Sam: But  Clare  did  tell  Jessie  that  their  marriage  had  been  on  shaky ground and they were on the edge of splitting up !
Kathy: I wonder who’s at fault ?
Sam: Contrary to Sam’s desire, Jessie doesn’t want to have a bun in the oven . Simply, they aren’t on the same wavelength .
Sam: Thanks  for making  some  time  for  me  Sarah.  I  thought  the  new position would change you! You’ve got a heart of gold indeed.
Kathy: Obviously, assuming responsibility is easier said than done . I have to sort out everything from scratch .
Sam: If the worst comes to worst hire an assistant to share the workload.
Kathy: Well, let’s not jump the gun . So far, things are under control.
Sam: Anyway, try not to lose your head while dealing with Anne. She has got a one track mind .
Kathy: No hard feelings !
Sam: I'm not a fan of taxes, but it's a bit of a stretch to claim they are  the cause of all our problems.
Kathy: Yeah; that’s no brainer . But you know; people are used to taking it on the circumstances.
Sam: You’re  right!  It’s  quite  hard  to  cope  with  the  fact  that  we’re responsible for our failures.
Kathy: We should learn what is truly worth our while rather than sitting idly by .
Sam: Honestly, it’s like pulling teeth trying to lay these facts out for others.
Kathy: Well, don’t beat yourself up; everyone knows their stuff!
Sam: How is the new course going?
Kathy: Just  what  the  doctor  ordered  .  The  teacher  is  competent  and  I’m making a lot of progress . How about yours?
Sam: So far I can’t complain . But the content doesn’t measure up to my expectations.
Kathy: Don’t be  too critical! You were dying  to apply  for  it.  I know you’re going to end up making a fool out of yourself as usual. Look! unless you pick something and stick with it, you’ll never hit the jackpot .
Sam: Easy on me Diana - I’ll get the ball rolling, anyhow.
Sam: Losing today’s match is gonna be a bitter pill to swallow.
Kathy: The  new  lineup  isn’t  that  adequate.  Our  dependable  players  aren’t included and the team’s Achilles heel is the right wing , I suppose.
Sam: Great! Our best striker David is having a go at goal  from the  free kick but it’s just wide .
Kathy: Thomas’ outswingers near the penalty spot has also missed the target !!
Sam: Oh!  That  silly  foul  by  Gerard  led  to  the  free  kick  and  the  final whistle will be blown in no time!
Kathy: Man! We’re in a rut - nothing but a counterattack can save the day!
Sam: Oh man! Our  new  product  is  taking  the  country  by  storm  . We’re literally  cornering the market .
Kathy: Have you ever heard of something called viral marketing ?
Sam: Are you teasing me ? It’s a is a given.
Kathy: Then  can’t  you  twist  your  arm  to  keep  track  of  our  webpage? There’re hundreds of messages without response!
Sam: No  wonder  I  will  be  behind  in  my  work.  I  can’t  handle  all  these messages by myself. Why don’t you give me a hand? It takes two to tango .
Kathy: I will. It’s a deal.
Sam: The  sunshine  today  is  just  the ticket  ! Right? You’re  totally  lost  on thought !
Kathy: I’m thinking how we lost the match by a hair !
Sam: The other guys simply played well and won fair and square. Your team are used to painting themselves into a corner . By the way; I heard the coach is gonna leave.
Kathy: Not on my watch ! This won’t take place even if it is the last thing I do. You mark my words
Sam: And for the record ; you’ve been fired as well.
Kathy: What? They will pay  for  it!  I’ll definitely cut my nose  to  spite my face !
Sam: Mike is a stand-up guy but his brothers are all sourpusses .
Kathy: Go figure !
Sam: But when any of them steps out of line , he steps in to work it out .
Kathy: They’re  trying  to  set him up and  lay  their  hands  on  his  company. Actually, they have a long track record of scams.
Sam: It gives me goosbumps just talking about them!
Sam: Unlike  his  dad who  is all  thumbs  ,  Rob  is  a handy  boy.  He  never throws  away  any  second  hand  tool.  For  him  even  the  smallest  screw  can serve a purpose .
Kathy: I wish I had a boy like Rob. It takes forever to get things fixed never mind the fact that I spend a fortune on that. Currently, my TV is on the blink .
Sam: Why don’t you get a new one and spare yourself the trouble ?
Kathy: To say I’ve had enough of those broken stuff is an understatement ! I’ve already ordered a new one.
Sam: Way to go !
Sam: Steven you’re such a slob ! How many times should I warn you not to pile everything up and scatter stuff around ? The place is a complete mess !
Kathy: Here we go again! I bet you’ve lost your glasses. Haven’t you?
Sam: Of course not! This time my wallet  is missing. I’ve  looked high and low  but to no avail.
Kathy: Just  stop nagging and  it’ll  turn up  !  It  could be  right under  your nose !
Sam: Here it is ! On the TV. Anyway, I’m gonna straighten the flat out .
Sam: You’ve  been  fiddling  around  with  this  washing  machine  for  hours! Aren’t you fed up already? Maybe you won’t doctor it up this time! Will you?
Kathy: You’re right! I can kiss it goodbye now.
Sam: Good for you! You’re cut out to be a technician!
Kathy: Stop ridiculing and help me remove this screw. It needs a lot of elbow- grease !
Sam: I  told you all along  that  the panel  is broken but you  took no notice  ! You’re as stubborn as a mule .
Sam: I  saw  the mayor  and  told  him  that  the  state's  Sunday  law  is  a dead letter as many stores open and conduct business on that day.
Kathy: Well done! You just cut to the chase!
Sam: Regarding our license, I was informed that we still need two signatures to be home free  . Steven  is  tracking  it  and he  assured me  that  it  is  in good hands .
Kathy: What’s the point of all this red tape ? They’re just holding us back  ! When on earth will we get rid of these time-worn rules?
Sam: When the pigs fly !
Sam: I can’t take it anymore! Living in this run-down building is like hell . I’m completely run-down  . Besides, we’re in the middle of nowhere .
Kathy: Isn’t it better than living amidst the hustle and bustle of cities?
Sam: Not on your life ! As soon as we pay off our loan, I’ll move back to the city. I have had enough of this life!
Kathy: Won’t you give me a rundown (3) of the new semester’s schedule?
Sam: Provided you take over the cooking tomorrow.
Kathy: touché
Sam: Won’t you patch it up with Sam? It’s time to turn over a new leaf  ! The whole matter isn’t worth it!
Kathy: Not in the short run at least! He’s such a bootlicker and keeps sucking up to Thomas just to gloss over his under-the-table deals.
Sam: That’s weird! He used to be on the level and never stepped out of line.
Kathy: Being surrounded by corrupt people made of him a carbon copy  of them.
Sam: As they say; dogs of the same street bark alike!
Sam: I’ve made up my mind to quit. James’s such a nag . He keeps hounding me.
Kathy: We’re in the same boat. Jessie won’t get off my back as well. She’s bossing me around as if I’m a little kid.
Sam: At least Jessie is a bit open-minded . You can simply ask her to knock it off .
Kathy: Right! James is a pill  . He is constantly harping on  the same stuff. He’s going to send you to the Looney bin if you don’t put a stop to his farce .
Sam: Let’s  not  take  it  to heart anyway!  If  Jessie  keeps nitpicking  ,  you should take what she says with a pinch of salt .
Sam: I used to be very pessimistic, but ever since surviving that car wreck, I've been whistling a different tune !
Kathy: You used to have a chip on your shoulder as well. What about this?
Sam: Well, let bygones be bygones ! Oh; What are you getting at ?
Kathy: Previously, you would dish it out but you couldn’t take it !
Sam: I know what you mean; I have already cleared the air with Steven. By the way save your wisecracks for yourself. I still need to settle accounts with you. Little jerk!
Kathy: Old habits die hard, indeed!
Sam: OK, that's the last straw  ! I  told Mark to stop irritating his mates, but he’s taking no notice of that. I’ll teach him a lesson.
Kathy: Come on! You’re making a big thing of it! He’s still too young to lay the blame on him.
Sam: I know, but unless we nib it in the bud , he’ll end up going astray .
Kathy: You’re right, but please don’t make waves  . Or else we’re gonna be the talk of the town!
Sam: Yeah, the last thing we need is to make the fry fly . I’ll hand him over to you; anyway.
Sam: They are trying to teaching me a lesson for turning down the report! I feel like knocking my head against the wall trying to point it out but they just won’t listen! See! That’s what you get out of your goodwill.
Kathy: It serves you right because you’ve allowed them to walk all over you .
Sam: Don't rub it in ! I don't like getting the short end of the stick .
Kathy: What I want to say is unless you’re giving them the green line , they won’t dare to take you for granted .
Sam: Do you think it’s too late to turn the tables on them?
Kathy: Not at all! It’s never too late to take the gloves off .
Sam: Paul certainly deserves credit for the work he did on the project.
Kathy: No  he  doesn’t! He’s  only  a  freeloader  - He doesn’t  know  the  first thing about diagrams but he’s very good at talking big .
Sam: A free rider !
Kathy: Never mind him;  I’ll put him  in his place  .  I  know how  to hit  him where it hurts and I know well which side his bread is buttered .
Sam: How do you mean ? What will you do?
Kathy: You’ll see when the time’s ripe !
Sam: James was  suspected  for  cheating  but  none  had  the  backbone  to stand up to him .
Kathy: Well,  I have every confidence that  the new inspectors will get  to  the bottom of it in no time.
Sam: What if they proved him guilty and lowered the boom ?
Kathy: Then, he would get what’s  coming  to him  . They must  set  him  an example for other jerks. I’m a strong proponent of the rule of law, not the law of the jungle
Sam: But bear in mind that the drama queen , his mom, will raise Cain !
Sam: Peter should never cry uncle - He has to keep right on going. At least to save face .
Kathy: But  his  opponents  are  totally  unprincipled  .  They’re  resorting to   mudslinging .
Sam: It’s a complete a battle of nerves . It’s an asymmetrical one as well.
Kathy: Will  he  take  it  lying  down  ?  I’m  afraid  he’s  gonna  go  down swinging .
Sam: All  I  know  is  that  Peter will  have  the upper hand as  long  as  he’s sticking to his guns . Period.
Sam: Although  we  are  making  good  profits  there  is  one  cloud  on  the horizon — the government may increase taxes in the near future.
Kathy: Don’t be so gloomy; every dark cloud has a silver lining .
Sam: The terrible news is getting me down against my will ! I can’t help but cloud up - I wish I had a million dollars. I will lay back all day and watch TV.
Kathy: Get  your head  out  of  the  clouds and watch where  you  are  driving! You're going to kill us.
Sam: You’re very good at smashing my dreams into pieces! Aren’t you? The thought of millions sends me to cloud nine .
Sam: Hey Donald! You aren’t really with it today! What’s wrong?
Kathy: Oh!  Those  loud  neighbors!  They’re  giving  me  sleepless  nights. They’re renovating their kitchen and making a great racket !
Sam: Why don’t you talk to them and ask them to keep it down ?
Kathy: Well,  I  did  but  I’m  going  nowhere  .  We  seem  to  have  reached  a standoff .
Sam: Why don’t you change your tune and kill them with your kindness ?
Kathy: How do you mean?
Sam: Consider treating them to a meal or bring some gifts for their kids.
Sam: The  design  of  this  car  appeals  to  me.  I  wonder  whether  it  is roadworthy !
Kathy: Actually, it has some wear and tear , but it is in pretty good shape .
Sam: Well,  I  must  confess  that  I’m  kind  of  a  road  hug  ,  but  I  never smacked into someone or had a fender-bender .
Kathy: Speaking  of  roads  -  the  other  day  I  was  riding  Albert  with  me.  He wiped me out by his observations. In short, he’s such a backseat driver .
Sam: That’s right. He’s panic-stricken after he got a sideswipe !
Kathy: Yeah. As far as I remember he used to love speeding up as well.
Sam: the truth is driving fast takes its toll on the car engine. I’m not a big fan of that.
Sam: Charles brought  it  on himself! What  do  they  call  the  feeling  of  joy when others suffer?
Kathy: Schadenfreude  . But don’t be  silly  -  I know he’s a blabbermouth  ; poor Charles. He’ll have hard feelings about  this for a  long time because he truly loves Jenny.
Sam: It serves him right, I suppose. He dwells on unnecessary stuff and ends up giving full rein to his mouth .
Kathy: The  point  is  Jenny  is oversensitive  .  She  couldn’t  stand  hearing  him talking trash.
Sam: Jenny is very kind-hearted and forgives easily but she is fuming right now.
Kathy: It’ll blow over anyway.
Sam: Hey Mark! I just wanted to have a word with you before you’re off .
Kathy: I’m really pressed for time. Can’t you put it off ?
Sam: Please Mark! I won’t hold you up . It really can’t wait ! Well; Jessie is inquiring about the position you told her about.
Kathy: Tell her not hold your breath in the short run. It would be much better if she takes matters into her own hands and searches for another job.
Sam: Yeah; she wants me to ask you what should she take up ?
Kathy: Well, I’ll look into it when I’m available. Please, don’t hold me back anymore. I need to dash .
Sam: You deserve 30 lashes with a wet noodle because you’re such a wet noodle. How do you let them push you around?
Kathy: I can’t!  I mean I wimp  to confront  them;  that’s not  fair  -  If  I do,  I’m toast .
Sam: What’s wrong with you? Use your noodle ! Defend yourself at least. Don’t let them take advantage of you.
Kathy: I can’t figure out why are  they green with envy  to  that extent ?  Is  it because I get better scores?
Sam: Never mind. I know how to put a stop to all this farce.
Kathy: Alright, I count on you.
Sam: I'd appreciate your help with that if you can get to it, but don't go out of your way.
Kathy: It’s  a  pleasure  to  put  myself  out  for  you!  You’re  the  one  who stimulates me to go the extra mile and never finds fault with me.
Sam: By  the way,  Rebecca  gave  away  her  possessions!  That  floored me indeed.
Kathy: They  say  she  is out  of  her mind  after  losing  her  son,  but  I  guess that’s an earful . What do you make out of it ?
Sam: Well, let me give her a call and discover the lowdown .
Kathy: Yeah, it makes sense to clear up this mystery before it’s too late.
Sam: This  report  scratches  the  surface  of  the  migration  problem!  The worse is yet to come.
Kathy: Simply because the people working on this issue are not up to scratch . We have to tap into the key problems in home countries.
Sam: They say those people have to start their life here from scratch .
Kathy: Well, I am scratching my head why our authorities are not nipping the issue from the bud.
Sam: Who  knows!  They  may  have  been  colluding with  their  leaders  to create this mess!
Sam: We have been falling out a lot recently - I think it’s time we clear it up. Let’s get everything out of our chests and have a heart-to-heart talk.
Kathy: I will do provided you don’t hold anything back . What really matters is to get things straight and avoid getting into such arguments later on.
Sam: Alright, your constant tangential remarks are trying my patience .
Kathy: What about your leading questions ? Don’t you see that you always try to get me cornered?
Sam: Well,  let’s  split  the  difference  .  You  don’t meddle  in my  private affairs nor do I in yours.
Sam: This report is too long! It’s has to be boiled down into two pages.
Kathy: You  took  the  words  right  out  of  my  mouth  !  I  had  the  same observation.
Sam: Then; the ball is in your court , darling.
Kathy: What do you mean? Why don’t you bring it back to its original owner, Kathy? She claims that she’s a ball of fire . She has got her nose up in the air!
Sam: Kathy pales in comparison to you - you’re literally the backbone of this department.
Sam: It’s time I put my cards on the table ; I have no intention of marrying her.
Kathy: Didn’t you say that you would move mountains to be with her?
Sam: That was a thing of the past .
Kathy: I’m  not  siding with her,  but  the  fact  that  you’re wishy-washy  will leave you holding the bag someday.
Sam: Honestly, I have no guts to take responsibility. I had better back out of this commitment before I’m trapped in marriage forever.
Kathy: Go away! You’re such a wimp !
Sam: Did you see the doctor? Is your sister out of the woods ?
Kathy: Oh Jerry!  I’m at my wit ends  ;  I’m afraid  she’s going from bad to worse - it has been two hours!
Sam: Snap out of it ! She’ll be fine. I’m sure she’ll.
Kathy: I’m really going  into pieces  :  I  can’t help being worried sick about her. You know she’s at death’s door .
Sam: Oh dear! Hold yourself  together  ! You  just need  to pray for her and keep a stiff upper lip.
Kathy: Look look! Why are the doctors in a huddle ? She must have passed away!
Sam: The story seems to be far-fetched , unreal; yet it happened.
Kathy: I’m  afraid  it’s  one  of  those  stories  that  smooth-talking  snake-oil salesmen employ to  take people for a ride .
Sam: Not  at  all!  The  person who  told  it  is as  true  as  steel  -  she  has  never stretched the truth . It’s Rebecca!
Kathy: You don’t say ! Rebecca literally lives in the fantasy world .
Sam: Well, I could be wrong, but I never witnessed her telling lies!
Kathy: Don’t go hard on yourself, dude! Tell me about it !
Sam: Her lifestyle as a tightwad had given her a handsome bank account and no one to share it with!
Kathy: On top of that she’s on the verge of kicking the bucket ! Go figure!
Sam: I should make use of this opportunity and tie the knot at her. And then, I end up the sole heir and come into all her fortune.
Kathy: You double-crosser ! Quit playing with fire .
Sam: Did I slip up or anything?
Kathy: You just keep it up and see what happens!!
Sam: Look, Tom, everything is going fine here - don't rock the boat !
Kathy: As if I was the only one here! Why don’t talk to those spoiled brats ?
Sam: Enough of these prompt replies ! Remember! A still tongue makes a wise head .
Kathy: Let’s put our cards on the table - I’m truly fed up because of this double standard treatment.
Sam: Cut it out ! You’re a true pain in the neck ! What did you just say?
Kathy: I was saying I had to drop the matter, anyway!
Sam: It's been three years since we broke up, but I still can't seem to put her out of my head!
Kathy: Weird!  You  kept  saying  that  she  used  to  be  double-faced  and stabbed you in the back! Have you changed you mind already?
Sam: Actually, I wouldn't put  it past her once more  after  that  incident! But deep down , I still feel deep affection for her!!
Kathy: Boy! You’re shooting yourself on the foot ! Come on! Put yourself together - are you aware of the consequences of what you say?
Sam: Honestly; I’m kicking myself for leaving her.
Kathy: Oh! You’re such a headache ! You’ll send me to the loony bin.
Sam: Oh, you can't believe a word that guy says—he's full of hot air .
Kathy: But he’s rolling in money ! He thinks people believe him hook, line and sinker.
Sam: I had his number from the start - He’s as sly as a fox ! Period.
Kathy: Do you think he’s getting off on the wrong foot with that speech? Or probably he’s getting hold of the wrong end of the stick !
Sam: He’s  doing  that deliberately  .  I  bet  he’s playing  the victim  to win sympathy and attention.
Kathy: Aha! Now I got what he was getting at !
Sam: That  guy  always  dominates  the  class  discussion with  his  rambling and inane thoughts like he's some genius.
Kathy: I know! No one seems to cut him down to size  ! His behavior  is  the pits .
Sam: Plus, he has made it to the next year by the skin of his teeth. Should we sleep on this as well?
Kathy: Absolutely  not! Unless  he  changes  his  tune,  I’m going  to  give  him  a taste of his own medicine.
Sam: Put him out of your mind! He’s not worth it .
Sam: I wish I read this book long before - How did I let it go unnoticed ?
Kathy: Don’t beat yourself up ! Better late than never .
Sam: It’s no exaggeration to say that this book is worth its weight in gold.
Kathy: Is it? I’m getting curious! Do you mind if I borrow it for a while ?
Sam: I’m afraid not. Don’t get me wrong but  the  topics  raised  in  it  are over your head - If you read it on your own, you may lose it .
Kathy: Hand  it  over  to me  already! You’re underestimating my  intellectual capabilities. Aren’t you?
Sam: Far from it. That’s out of the question !
Sam: My mom raised a stink when  the store  refused  to accept her  return without a receipt.
Kathy: She  shouldn’t  have!  No  receipts  no  returns;  that’s  a  simple  rule  of thumb .
Sam: Really! Where is the common sense in that? They know her very well. She’s one of their most loyal customers - That’s why she was offended .
Kathy: Well, I don’t want to be judgmental , but well-respected shops aren’t supposed to go hard with their customers.
Sam: That’s right. After    long argument, the seniors stepped in and helped us.
Kathy: Yeah; I’d say ! It’s all because of these greenhorn sales people.
Sam: Hey man! Won’t you grab a bite before you leave? What’s the hurry?
Kathy: Mum’s the word -  I’m on a diet and I’m trying  to avoid any food that’s out of season .
Sam: That’s a hogwash  ! Your problem isn’t  food. What you need  is  food for thought .
Kathy: We had better not wash our dirty linen in public ! I suppose.
Sam: You chump ! What are you driving at ?
Kathy: Your  crazy  cravings!  your  sweet  tooth  !  You’re  barking  up  the wrong tree , dude! All you need is a bit of workout .
Sam: What a spine-chilling movie! I was on the edge of my seat all along!
Kathy: So was I! I was shook-up as well - It gave me the jitters !
Sam: That ruthless giant wiped out tens of people. I caught on that he would be the villain the first scene he appeared.
Kathy: He bumped off all of them without blinking an eye !
Sam: What made him go berserk in your opinion?
Kathy: The rats, of course. It’s no-brainer .
Sam: I wonder if I can get my own car before I lose my head ! I’ve had enough of these irritating jam-packed buses.
Kathy: I told you over and over to start your own business, do your best to make a go of it and rest assured you will be on easy street .
Sam: Yeah; I need some guts! I’m fed up with the dog’s life - Why don’t you become my partner?
Kathy: Excuse me Thomas! You’ve got commitment issue - Simply you can’t stick to your guns! I will say it boldly; you’re a quitter! You just end up on skid row !
Sam: This time is different! It’s going to be the turning point in my life.
Kathy: Then; put your best foot forward .
Sam: Despite a stellar cast, the film turned out to be a real train wreck .
Kathy: Why don’t they have a go at a comeback ? This time they will sink or swim.
Sam: Do you think they have what it takes ? That  film is probably  their swan song.
Kathy: Do you think they are going to the dogs ?
Sam: Who  knows?  I  heard  they’re  recruiting  some has-been  performer who may save the day.
Sam: Yesterday two hundred showed up at  the  fair,  today  two dozen -  it's either feast or famine !
Kathy: Bear in mind that David has got lots of fans! If he was here, thousands would be around.
Sam: Good  idea!  But  do  you David would  string  along with  us  through thick and thin ?
Kathy: Should I give him a ring now?
Sam: Sure! The sooner the better !
Kathy: Look who is there. That’s Mary. Isn’t she? It’s a small world ?
Sam: I bent over backwards for you, and you showed no thanks!
Kathy: Did  you?  I  wonder  when  will  you  grow  out  of  your wheeling  and dealing ?
Sam: You insist on your being ungrateful! I went out of my way to take care of you while you were sick!
Kathy: Stop milking it for heaven’s sake! How many time should I return this favor?
Sam: Come on! All I need is attention and recognition.
Kathy: Well;  I’ll make  it  up  for  you.  But  I’m  against  the  concept  of  you scratch my back and I’ll scratch yours!
Sam: How embarrassing! Did I ever put my foot in it —I just congratulated Sarah's sister on being pregnant. She isn't.
Kathy: You don’t  say! Haven’t you heard  the proverb  that  says “look before you leap ”?
Sam: She just walked away - I wish the ground would have swallowed me !
Kathy: Never mind; I’ll straighten it out. But make sure you don’t screw it up once more.
Sam: I’ll have to apologize to her as soon as possible or do her a big favor - You know; one swallow doesn't make a summer !
Kathy: Fine then! You don’t have to go hard on yourself anymore.
Sam: I'll send one of my strong men around to him tomorrow to tighten the screws on him. Then we'll see if he's still so sure he won't sign the contract.
Kathy: Don’t dare you! You’re going to make a mess of the whole deal.
Sam: He’s going to sigh willingly or unwillingly .
Kathy: What on earth is making him standing his ground after like this?
Sam: He  doesn’t  want  to  play  the  game  because  he  observed  our enthusiasm.
Kathy: He’ll give in sooner or later.
Sam: Where’s the head honcho ? Has he left yet?
Kathy: Yeah, he has - the coast’s clear ! Come on! Let’s get going .
Sam: Did you bring the burgers? I’m starving hungry .
Kathy: Are you sure we’ll get away with this?
Sam: Stay loose ! It’s all under control. I feel myself the big cheese here not that empty-headed nerd .
Kathy: I see! You’re literally a big fish in a small pond !
Sam: You  should  think big  ,  dear!  Food,  clothing,  and  shelter  are  the bare necessities of life. What about humanities and culture?
Kathy: But unless you bare your teeth , you’ll end up the one who is left out .
Sam: You’re right! When James says it’s a dog-eat-dog world, I don’t blame him.
Kathy: Above all, only few are content to make a living by the sweat of their brow!
Sam: You know what? The thought of  this rat race gives me a lump  in my throat!

